Document embedded explorer and public variants (#1223)
apollographql/apollo: studio-docs/source/embed-explorer.mdx

The Explorer fetches this variant's schema from Apollo Studio to populate its Documentation panel and enable code completion.

If you omit this option, the Explorer _does_ still load, but it doesn't know which schema to fetch. This prevents the Explorer from providing critical features like documentation and code completion.

</td>
</tr>

<tr class="required">
<td>

##### `sendRequestsFrom`

`"embed" | "parent"`

</td>
<td>

**Required.** If `parent`, the embedded Explorer uses the `postMessage` API to notify the parent page when a user initiates a GraphQL operation. The parent page is then responsible for transmitting the operation to your GraphQL server.

If `embed`, the embedded Explorer transmits operations directly to your GraphQL server from the origin `https://explorer.embed.apollographql.com`.

See [Handling CORS](#handling-cors).

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `document`

`string`

</td>
<td>

A URI-encoded operation to populate in the Explorer's editor on load.

If you omit this, the Explorer initially loads an example query based on your schema.

> If [`shouldPersistState`](#shouldpersiststate) is `true`, the editor is _also_ populated with user-defined operations from `localStorage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [`shouldPersistState`](#shouldpersiststate) is `true`, and you provide a document, the editor will open a new tab with this document on load alongside any tabs the user had open from `localStorage`.
```

Reviewer: ^ this is also true for `variables` and `headers`. I wanted to make it clear that we just open the state you provide in the url (`document`, `variables`, `headers` in a new tab on load, regardless of the local storage situation)

Example:

```jsx
?document=${window.encodeURIComponent(`
  query ExampleQuery {
    books {
      title
    }
  }
`)}
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `variables`

`string`

</td>
<td>

A URI-encoded, serialized object containing initial variable values to populate in the Explorer on load.

If provided, these variables should apply to the initial query you provide for [`document`](#document).

Example:

```jsx
?variables=${window.encodeURIComponent(
  JSON.stringify({
    userID: "abc123"
  })
)}
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `headers`

`string`

</td>
<td>

> A URI-encoded, serialized object containing initial HTTP header values to populate in the Explorer on load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A URI-encoded, serialized object containing initial HTTP header values to populate in the Explorer on load.

Note that if you define your own request handler using the `postMessage` API, you will need to define your headers in your request handler and not just in the Explorer UI.
```

Example:

```jsx
?headers=${window.encodeURIComponent(
  JSON.stringify({
    authorization: "Bearer abc123"
  })
)}
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

##### `shouldPersistState`

`"true" | "false"`

</td>
<td>

> If `true`, the embedded Explorer uses `localStorage` to persist user-defined operations between sessions. These operations are automatically populated in the Explorer on page load.
> 
> If `false`, the embedded Explorer loads with an example query based on your schema (unless you provide [`document`](#document)).
> 
> The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `true`, the embedded Explorer uses `localStorage` to persist explorer state, including open tabs, variables and headers, between sessions. This state is automatically populated in the Explorer on page load.

If `false`, the embedded Explorer loads with an example query based on your schema (unless you provide [`document`](#document)).

The default value is `false`.
```
